4.0.1 (#77)
rooseveltframework/semantic-forms: README.md

</form>
```

> You can add text that appears when a field is invalid with the `data-invalid-text` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a paragraph of text below a field to only appear when a field is invalid with the `data-invalid-text` attribute:
```
